Module 6 Programming Assignment

In order to receive credit for a Programming Assignment, each submission must:

    Run. No credit will be given to programs that do not run.
    Use the filename(s) specified in the What to Submit section. Do not include anything extra such as your name or chapter number.
    Include the comment block as seen in the What to Submit section, with your name, module number, and part.
    Use the looping concepts covered in this Module.

----------
Part A

Create a program called total_cash.py that determines the total value of a wallet full of cash.

    Inputs #1 through 7: It prompts the user to input the quantity of each denomination of bills, in the following order: 1s, 2s, 5s, 10s, 20s, 50s, and 100s (this is seven prompts).
    Using a function that you create that accepts the information collected from the user, calculates the total value of all of the bills, and returns (not print) the total amount.
    Output the total amount of cash.

For example, if a user has 3 ones, 3 tens, and 1 fifty, their total is $83 in cash.

1-2b039b2c-7a93-455d-b5ea-53531f350858.JPG
Part B

Create a program called shipping_price.py that calculates the shipping price for a purchase.

    Input #1: Prompt the user for the total number of items being shipped.
    Input #2: Prompt the user for the total weight of all items.
    Using a function that you create that accepts the information collected from the user,
      calculates the shipping cost and returns (not print) the total amount.
      Use the following parameters to determine shipping costs.
        Less than 3 items and less than two pounds: $5.50 shipping charge.
        Less than 3 items and two pounds or over: $7.00 shipping charge.
        3 to 5 items and less than three pounds: $8.50 shipping charge.
        Anything else: $11.00 shipping charge.
    Display the shipping cost to the user. (Note: the dollar amount does not need to be formatted to two decimal places.)

Example (note that your program does not need to look, or behave, like exactly like this example -
  it is here to show you one way it might look when the program runs properly):

1-7.JPG

What To Submit

    total_cash.py
    shipping_price.py
