Module 12 Programming Assignment

In order to receive credit for a Programming Assignment, each submission must:

    Run. No credit will be given to programs that do not run.
    Use the filename(s) specified in the What to Submit section. Do not include anything extra such as your name or chapter number.
    Include the comment block as seen in the What to Submit section, with your name, module number, and part.

----------

Part A

Create a program called poem_file.py that:

    Reads the tin_wedding_whistle.txt Download tin_wedding_whistle.txt file into a list.
    Prompts the user to enter a line number.
    Displays that line from the file.
    Keep repeating until the user enters the word exit at the prompt.
    Close the file.

File to be used for testing: tin_wedding_whistle.txt Download tin_wedding_whistle.txt. Note: With most IDEs, you will need to add this file to your project; you can usually drag and drop the file to do so. You may also have to use Save As to save the file, making certain to save it into the same directory as poem_file.py.

Example (note that your program does not need to look, or behave, like exactly like this example - it is here to show you one way it might look when the program runs properly):

Part B

Create a program called mailing_label.py that:

    Prompts the user to input the following recipient information, in order, storing each in a separate variable:
        Name
        House / apartment and street
        City
        State
        Zip Code
    Creates a new file called mailing_label.txt. It will have your name as the sender's information, in the upper-left corner, and the information that was just collected as the recipient's information in the middle - like seen in the example, below.
    When finished writing, close the mailing_label.txt file.
    Display the contents of the mailing_label.txt file. This needs to look similar to the mailing label in the example.

Example (note that your program does not need to behave exactly like this example - it is here to show you one way it might look when the program runs properly):


What To Submit

    A. poem_file.py
    B. mailing_label.py
