In order to receive credit for a Programming Assignment, each submission must:

    Run. No credit will be given to programs that do not run.
    Use the filename(s) specified in the What to Submit section. Do not include anything extra such as your name or chapter number.
    Include the comment block as seen in the What to Submit section, with your name, module number, and part.
    Use the looping concepts covered in this Module.

----------
Part A

Create a program in a file named letter_count.py that:

    Includes adequate instructions to the user about how to use the program.
    Inputs #1 through 4: Prompt the user to enter four different words or phrases, one at a time;
      storing each response in a separate variable.
    Input #5: Next, prompt the user a letter they wish to count.
    Determine how many times the letter occurs in each of the four words/phrases,
      regardless of case (uppercase or lowercase).
    Determine the total number of times the letter occurs in all words/phrases,
      regardless of case (uppercase or lowercase).
    Output is a formatted table displaying:
        the four words,
        the number of times the letter appears in each word/phrase,
        the total number of times the letter appears.
    Output a formatted table displaying the results.

Example (note that your program does not need to look, or behave, like exactly like this example -
  it is here to show you one way it might look when the program runs properly):


Part B

Create a program in a file named str_modifier.py that:

    Includes adequate instructions to the user about how to use the program.
    Asks the user for the name of their favorite sports team. The single input should be the
      name of the city and team name; for example: Phoenix Cardinals or Los Angeles Lakers
    Replaces all spaces with underscore characters. This must be done using a string method.
    Outputs the result.

Example (note that your program does not need to look, or behave, like exactly like this example -
  it is here to show you one way it might look when the program runs properly):

What To Submit

    letter_count.py
    str_modifier.py